Do you think there's an objective function that describes the entirety of, uh,
human life. So, you know,
usually the way that you ask that is what is the meaning of life? Is there, um,
a universal objective function that captures the why of life?
So, yeah, I mean, I suspect that the deal ask this question,
but it's ask that question that I ask myself many, many times. See,
I can tell you a framework that I have these days.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> to think about this question.
So I think that fundamentally meaning of life has to do with
some of our reward actions that we have in brain,
and they might have to do with, let's say for instance,
curiosity or, uh, human connection, which might mean understanding others,
uh, uh,
it's also possible for a person to slightly modify their reward function.
Usually they, they mostly stay fixed,
but it's possible to modify reward function.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> and you can pretty much choose. So in some sense,
reward functions, optimizing reward functions,
they will give you like of satisfaction.
Is there some randomness in the.
Function? I think when you are born, there is some randomness.
Like you can see that some people, for instance, they,
they care more about building stuff.
Some people care more about caring for others.
Some people there are all sorts of, uh, default reward functions.
And then in some sense, you can ask a yourself, was this like a, uh,
what is the satisfying way for you to go after this reward function?
And you just go after this reward function.
And you know, some people ask, ask are these reward functions real?
I almost think about it as let's say,
if you would have to discover mathematics in mathematics,
you are likely to run into various objects like a complex numbers or
differentiation some other objects.
And these are very natural objects that arise. And similarly,
the reward functions that we are having in our brain,
they are somewhat very natural that, uh, you know,
there is a reward function for understanding
like a comprehension. Yeah. Uh, uh, curiosity and so on. So in some sense,
they are in, uh, same way natural as their natural objects in mathematics.
Interesting. So, you know, there's the, uh,
the old sort of debate is mathematics invented or discovered,
you're saying reward functions are discovered. So nature.
So nature provided some, you can still let's say expand it throughout the life.
Some of the reward functions, they might be futile. Like for instance,
there might be a reward function, maximize amount of wealth. Yeah.
And this is more like a, a learning reward function. And,
but we know also that some reward functions, if you optimize them
quite sad fight.
Well,
I don't know which part of your reward function resulted in you coming today,
but I am deeply appreciative that you did spend your valuable time with me.
Wal check is, is really fun talking to you. You're, you're brilliant.
You're a good human being.
And it's an honor to meet you and an honor to talk to you.
Thanks for talking today, brother.
Thank you L I appreciate your questions. Your, I had a lot of time being here.